So we already covered quite some ground in this module,
we had a close look at all the different things you can do when it comes to styling in react native apps
and our course project evolved quite a bit.
Now we've got some problems though and we might not even see them, so what is the problem?
We're developing for different platforms right,
we're developing for iOS and for Android and you might have noticed that for most components, react native
doesn't provide any default styles and it certainly doesn't automatically style them for the different
platforms,
the button component was an exception from that but most of the time, we got no styling or just the same
styling,
so we don't really get out of the box cross-platform styling, so that is something which is missing.
Take our icons for example,
we're using the same icons on both platforms.
Now another problem we might have is the orientation of our device,
right now we always code for portrait mode and we also use rather big screens, rather modern devices.
What if we have smaller screens or the user rotates the device, we might end up with a layout that just
doesn't work anymore.
So the problem here is that we get no built-in responsiveness,
our application, our UI doesn't automatically adapt. Well to some extent it does, if we use flex box because
it will still just distribute the available space but we may end up with the situation that our objects
just get crunched into each other due to limited space being available.
These are the issues I want to solve over the next lectures when we'll have a look at how we can style
for different platforms and for different devices or device widths for different sizes.